# Armeo_2DHorizCatch
This script allows you to manage the raw data from .csv files generated by the 'Armeocontrol 1.22' software provided with the ArmeoSpring. It was designed to import and analyze individual exercises (trials) composing an evaluation session with the '2D-horizontal catch' exercise.
The "data" dataset offered with the script allows to browse csv file content and to test the script.

The 2D-horizontal pointing task required to move the cursor in order to catch balls that appeared sequentially on the screen.
When a ball was caught, it disappeared and another appeared at a new  fixed location
During a trial, 12 balls had to be caught and the time to catch a ball was limited to 10 seconds. If it was exceeded, the 
ball disappeared and another ball appeared at the new location.
Only the last 11 targets (balls) are considered for analysis.
Trajectory to catch a ball is computed only when the preceding ball was successfully caught.

****************************************************************************
To launch the procedure, you just have to run the script 'Armeo_2DHorizCatch'
*****************************************************************************

A synthesis table containing the computed parameters for each trial (one csv file per trial) is generated in txt format, and saved in the 'export' sub-folder, itself contained in the same folder as the script.
If the 'export' folder does not exist, it will be generated automatically. 
During the script process, you will be asked to whether you want to:
- Graphically visualize 2D movements' trajectories used for the calculation of kinematic parameters
- Save plots of these 2D trajectories (in the 'export' folder)

This script has been developed within the framework of the publication of the article: 
Brihmat N, Loubinoux I, Castel-Lacanal E, Marque P, Gasq D. Kinematic parameters obtained with the ArmeoSpring for upper-limb assessment after stroke: a reliability and learning effect study for guiding parameter use. J Neuroeng Rehabil. 2020 Sep 29;17(1):130. doi: 10.1186/s12984-020-00759-2.

The objective is to facilitate the use and analysis of raw ArmeoSpring data in clinical practice as proposed in the paper.

Authors: David Gasq[1,2], MD, PhD & Nabila Brihmat, PhD[1], May 2020
[1] ToNIC, Toulouse NeuroImaging Center, Université de Toulouse, Inserm, UPS, France
[2] University Hospital of Toulouse, Hôpital de Rangueil, Toulouse, France
email contact: gasq.d@chu-toulouse.fr


Copyright (C) 2020  David Gasq
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
